docs:  prefetch tap fallback on slow connection and ignore slow connection option (#5393)
withastro/docs: src/content/docs/en/guides/prefetch.mdx

Each strategy is fine-tuned to only prefetch when needed and save your users' bandwidth. For example:

> - If a visitor is using [data saver mode](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/NetworkInformation/saveData) or has a [slow connection](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/NetworkInformation/effectiveType), prefetch will fallback to tap strategy.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- If a visitor is using [data saver mode](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/NetworkInformation/saveData) or has a [slow connection](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/NetworkInformation/effectiveType), prefetch will fallback to the `tap` strategy.
```

prefetch('/about', { with: 'link' });
```

> The `prefetch()` API includes the same [data saver mode](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/NetworkInformation/saveData) and [slow connection](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/NetworkInformation/effectiveType) detection, with fallback to the `tap` method.

Author: Hi @sarah11918, to clarify, the `prefetch()` API is independent of tap/hover/viewport strategies as it is manually called by the user in a function. So, manually calling `prefetch()` can't fall back to tap, as it is not caused by user interaction like hover or viewport. I suggest we keep it as is for now, indicating that it bails on slow connections, and you can opt out of this behavior with the `ignoreSlowConnection` flag.

If "only prefetching when needed" seems vague, we can rephrase it to specify that it will bail on slow connections. Let me know what you think!

> The `prefetch()` API includes the same [data saver mode](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/NetworkInformation/saveData) and [slow connection](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/NetworkInformation/effectiveType) detection, with fallback to the `tap` method.

Reviewer 2: Gotcha! In that case, then nope, I'm cool with the original! We can revert. Thanks for clarifying. Just wanted to make sure this wasn't overlooked.

> The `prefetch()` API includes the same [data saver mode](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/NetworkInformation/saveData) and [slow connection](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/NetworkInformation/effectiveType) detection, with fallback to the `tap` method.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The `prefetch()` API includes the same [data saver mode](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/NetworkInformation/saveData) and [slow connection](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/NetworkInformation/effectiveType) detection so that it only prefetches when needed.
```

> The `prefetch()` API includes the same [data saver mode](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/NetworkInformation/saveData) and [slow connection](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/NetworkInformation/effectiveType) detection, with fallback to the `tap` method.

Reviewer: Yup agree with Smit here!

The `prefetch()` API includes the same [data saver mode](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/NetworkInformation/saveData) and [slow connection](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/NetworkInformation/effectiveType) detection, so that it only prefetches when needed.

> To ignore slow connection detection, you can use `ignoreSlowConnection` option:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To ignore slow connection detection, you can use the `ignoreSlowConnection` option:
```
